dist: add community project - uptime robot dashboard (#1125)
balena-io/docs: pages/learn/more/examples/projects.md

project is used as the backend to [efwe][efwe]'s awesome temperature
visualisation at [123k.de](http://123k.de).

### Uptime Robot Dashboard
[Repository][uptime-robot-dashboard] by [secanis][secanis]

> A dashboard which is visualizing the [Uptime Robot API](https://uptimerobot.com/) on a Raspberry PI, deployed over the Balena Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A dashboard which is visualizing the [Uptime Robot API](https://uptimerobot.com/) on a Raspberry Pi, deployed via balenaCloud.
```

> This dashboard could be used on TV's or on monitors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This dashboard can be used on TVs or on monitors.
```
